Added contribution guride (#118)
StefanIvemo/BicepPowerShell: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to Bicep PowerShell

You are more than welcome to contribute to the Bicep PowerShell module, whether it is [Pull Requests](#pull-requests), [Feature Suggestions](#feature-suggestions) or [Bug Reports](#bug-reports)!

## Getting Started

- Fork this repo (see [this forking guide](https://guides.github.com/ activities/forking/) for more information).
- Checkout the repo locally with `git clone git@github.com:{your_username}/BicepPowerShell.git`.

> - Run the script `.\scripts\downloadDependencies.ps1` to download the required dependencies (Bicep Assemblies (DLLs) and Bicep Types information) to the Assets (`Source/Assets`) folder.

Author: I will add that!

```
.\scripts\downloadDependencies.ps1
```

### platyPS

[platyPS](https://github.com/PowerShell/platyPS) is used to write the external help in markdown. When contributing always make sure that the changes are added to the help file.

#### Quickstart

- Install the platyPS module from the [PowerShell Gallery](https://powershellgallery.com):

```powershell
Install-Module -Name platyPS -Scope CurrentUser
Import-Module platyPS
```

- Create initial Markdown help file for `Bicep` module (This will only create help files for new commands, existing files will not be overwritten):

```powershell
# you should have module imported in the session
Import-Module .\Bicep.psd1
New-MarkdownHelp -Module Bicep -OutputFolder .\Docs\Help
```

Edit the markdown file(s) in the `.\Docs\Help` folder and populate `{{ ... }}` placeholders with missed help content.

- Update the external help from markdown help

```powershell
New-ExternalHelp .\Docs\Help -OutputPath .\Source\en-US\ -Force
```

- If you've made a lot of changes to the module code, you can easily update the markdown file(s) automatically with:

```powershell
# re-import your module with latest changes

> Import-Module .\Bicep.psd1 -Force

Reviewer: Path should be .\Source\Bicep.psd1

> # re-import your module with latest changes
> Import-Module MyAwesomeModule -Force
> Update-MarkdownHelp .\docs

Reviewer 2: Suggestion to make it more inline with the previous paragraph:

```suggestion
# re-import your module with latest changes
Import-Module .\Bicep.psd1 -Force
Update-MarkdownHelp .\Docs\Help
```
